# Microsservice AppArsenal

Based on a microservices architecture using [Arsenal Backend] <https://gluon.corp/community/docs/latest/arsenal-backend/>.

This project was automatically generated by `arsenal-archetype-base`.

## Summary

* [Introduction](#introduction)
  * [Objective](#objective)
  * [Evolution](#evolution)
* [Installation](#installation)
  * [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  * [Application Configuration](#application-configuration)
    * [Profile `default`](#profile-default)
    * [Profile `local`](#profile-local)
* [How to use](#how-to-use)
  * [Compilation](#compilation)
  * [Application Execution](#application-execution)
  * [API Contract](#api-contract)
* [Documentation](#documentation)
* [Contributions](#contributions)
* [Team](#team)
* [License](#license)

## Introduction

> TODO: describe the context and history that motivated the construction of this microservice.

### Objective

> TODO: describe the objective and main functionalities contemplated by this microservice

### Evolution

> TODO: describe the potential functionalities that will still be developed in this microservice

## Installation

Download the source code from repository using: `git clone` or compressed file (.zip).
The following table lists the versions of the prerequisites.

### Prerequisites

| Component    | Version      | Description                       |
|--------------|--------------|-----------------------------------|
| OpenJDK      | 17 (LTS)     | Java Platform                     |
| Apache Maven | 3.8.x        | Build and Dependencies Management |

> TODO: include the other dependencies and technologies of your project (ex: Redis, Oracle, RabbitMQ, etc.)

### Application configuration

The application was designed to run in two distinct environments sharing as many similarities as possible.
For this, two profiles (_profiles_) were created. Details of settings, profiles and their usage are in the next section.

#### Profile `default`

By default the application is configured to run in the production environment. Therefore, the _profile_ `default`
refers to the settings that will be used during the actual operation of the system.

#### Profile `local`

A second _profile_ `local` is defined and overwrites the values of some settings of the _profile_ `default`
so that the application runs correctly in the developer's local environment.

## How to use

Below are instructions for using the project. The commands must be executed in the terminal, or directly in the developer's preferred IDE.

### Compilation

To download dependencies and compile the application source code, navigate to the root directory of the project and execute the command bellow:

```bash
mvn clean package
```

### Application execution

To run the application in development mode, the _profile_ `local` must be explicitly activated:

```bash
mvn spring-boot:run -Dspring-boot.run.profiles=local
```

The application will be executing in address <http://localhost:8080/>

It is also possible to simulate an execution of the production environment in your local environment.
To do this you will need to explicitly declare all the environment variables used by the application.

This can be done in your IDE, or from the command line.
The following example show how to specify the variables on the command line:

```bash
VARIAVEL_1=valor1 \
VARIAVEL_2=valor2 \
mvn spring-boot:run
```

### API Contract

This project uses the OpenAPI specification for documentation and catalog of APIs.
After running the application, it is possible to consult all operations provided by the service and test them respectively
by accessing the address <http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html>

## Documentation

> TODO: Add the link to Github pages or another project documentation source

## Contributions

To report _bugs_, proposal new features and improvements contact some of the members responsible for this project, or submit a _Pull Request_ following the development practices and conventions of this project.

> TODO: include additional details of how other people can contribute to this project.

## Team

Gluon Team

## License

Banco Santander S.A.
All rights reserved.

